# Activity log

**2021-11-08**

In this meeting the focus was coming up with ideas and preparing for the Pitch of ideas presentation.

- Brainstormed ideas for the AI model
- Settled down on four ideas
  - Pokémon drawing recognition
  - Digit recognition
  - Drawing to SVG Vector image
  - Covid mortality prediction based on bodily features
- Created slides for the presentation
- Agreed on the tech stack
  - Backend will use Python
  - Frontend will use Svelte with Typescript
- Agreed on meeting weekly remotely through the main communication channel i.e. Discord
- Discussed the possibility of doing the supervision session remotely through Zoom

_Present in the meeting:_

Rilind was not a part of the team at this point

- Idrees
- Bhavya
- Ruthger
- Nablo

---

**2021-11-10**

The focus of this meeting was to discuss the feedback on our ideas

- We decided to go with the Covid mortality prediction based on bodily features
- We discussed the ethical concerns surrounding this idea
- Data sources were discussed
- The team agreed on a weekly meeting on Mondays and Wednesdays. If needed, we can schedule another meeting on the weekdays
- Planned when and how we will do assignment one
  - A shared google drive folder was created to facilitate collaboration on assignments
- Decision was also made to use GitLab issues to track tasks and responsibilities
- Each team member introduced themselves and stated their preferred technologies and roles

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members

---

**2021-11-15**

The main theme of this meeting was to go through all data sources for each idea.

- We looked for data sources for the covid mortality rate predictor idea.
- Evaluated the covid datasets.
- Contacted The Public Health Agency (Folkhälsomyndigheten) to check whether we can access their Covid-19 datasets.
- Came up with other ideas to serve as plan B.
- Evaluated the datasets for Plan B.
- Created agenda for the upcoming supervision meeting.
- Briefly discussed Assignment 1

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members

---

**2021-11-17**

In this meeting, we finalized our project idea and business use cases

- We decided to create a fruit and vegetable image classifier model
- Evaluated Data sources
- Came up with business use cases around the fruit and vegetable image classifier
- Discussed Assignment 1
- Contacted our TA regarding the new idea
- Divided the work
  - Ruthger and Nablo will mainly work on the toy model
  - Idrees, Bhavya, and Rilind will work on the report

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members

---

**2021-12-06**

In this meeting, we discussed the final presentation layout, additional features and documentation.

As we are approaching the final presentation date, we started to discuss the design and layout
of our final presentation. Furthermore we added a feature where the user will get different reciepe 
suggestions for the fruit identified by the system.
We finished off by talking about the documentation, meeting logs, read-me file for example.

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members

**2021-12-09**

In this meeting, there were discussions about ML accuracy, Webcam implementation and Front-end visuals.

We discussed the project progress overall, where the accuracy of Fruitrients
photo recognition was the main topic. The webcam feature and its requirments 
were also discussed. Additionally we talked about the front-ends visuals.

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members

**2021-12-13**

In this meeting, there were discussions about the final presentation power point and our live demo.

We were discussing that it is required to divide our presentation, where each one of us
present a specific part of the project. We decided to firstly have a quick introduction followed
by a powerpoint presentation and finish it all off with the live demo of Fruitfrient.
Lastly, we prepare ourselves for any questions that may arise.

_Present in the meeting:_

- All team members
